Adding EverSQL integration (#1258)
DataDog/integrations-extras: eversql/README.md

# EverSQL

## Overview

[EverSQL][1] is the fastest way to automatically speed up your database and optimize SQL queries, providing automatic SQL tuning and indexing for developers, DBAs, and DevOps engineers.

EverSQL is 100% non-intrusive, and doesn't access any of your databases' sensitive data.

### Usage

> Slow SQL queries located in the Datadog Database monitoring dashboard can be optimized instantly using EverSQL, by easily copying the slow SQL query from Datadog and pasting it directly into EverSQL's [SQL Optimization][2] process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slow SQL queries found in the Datadog Database Monitoring dashboard can be optimized instantly using EverSQL, by easily copying the slow SQL query from Datadog and pasting it directly into EverSQL's [SQL Optimization][2] process.
```

### Supported Databases: 
MySQL, PostgreSQL, AWS Aurora, Google Cloud SQL, Azure DB, Percona, MariaDB.

## Setup

### Configuration

> To speed up slow queries identified by Datadog, navigate to the Datadog Database monitoring dashboard and locate the slow SQL queries table. Once you identify the SQL query you'd like to speed up, copy it from Datadog and paste it directly into [EverSQL][2] for optimization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To speed up slow queries identified by Datadog, navigate to the Datadog Database Monitoring dashboard and locate the slow SQL queries table. Once you identify the SQL query you'd like to speed up, copy it from Datadog and paste it directly into [EverSQL][2] for optimization.
```
Maybe it would be helpful to add a link to the Database Monitoring dashboard here?

# EverSQL

## Overview

> [EverSQL][1] is the fastest way to automatically speed up your database and optimize SQL queries, providing automatic SQL tuning and indexing for developers, DBAs, and DevOps engineers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[EverSQL][1] is a way to speed up your database and optimize SQL queries, providing automatic SQL tuning and indexing for developers, DBAs, and DevOps engineers.
```

Reviewer 2: Some edits here to remove marketing-focused language and redundancy. Please see the contributing guidelines for Datadog documentation:
https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#general-principles

> EverSQL is 100% non-intrusive, and doesn't access any of your databases' sensitive data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
EverSQL is non-intrusive, and doesn't access any of your databases' sensitive data.
```

### Usage

> Slow SQL queries found in the Datadog Database Monitoring dashboard can be optimized instantly using EverSQL, by easily copying the slow SQL query from Datadog and pasting it directly into EverSQL's [SQL Optimization][2] process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Slow SQL queries found in the Datadog Database Monitoring dashboard can be optimized using EverSQL. Copy the slow SQL query from Datadog and paste it directly into EverSQL's [SQL Optimization][2] process. Learn more about troubleshooting a slow query in the [Getting Started with Database Monitoring][5] guide.
```

# EverSQL

## Overview

[EverSQL][1] is the fastest way to automatically speed up your database and optimize SQL queries, providing automatic SQL tuning and indexing for developers, DBAs, and DevOps engineers.

EverSQL is 100% non-intrusive, and doesn't access any of your databases' sensitive data.

### Usage

The EverSQL integration has two options:

- A manual method, where you copy your queries from Datadog dashboard and paste them to EverSQL’s [optimize a query][2] action.
- An automatic method, where you add the EverSQL Sensor to your [RDS][3] or your [on-prem database][4].

> ### Supported Databases: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Supported Databases
```

# EverSQL - Your Database, Just Faster™

## Overview
- Looking to speed up slow SQL queries?
- Reached 100% CPU on your database, and you are unsure how to fix it?
- Database storage is out of space and looking for redundant indexes that you can delete?

> **

Reviewer: I'd recommend removing this section

> [EverSQL][1] is the fastest way to automatically speed up your database and optimize SQL queries.
> 80,000+ developers, DBAs, and DevOps engineers use EverSQL for automatic SQL tuning and indexing.
> Our customers report their queries are 5X faster on average, just minutes after getting started.
> Save your team 35 weekly hours on average by optimizing your SQL queries online for free.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[EverSQL][1] is the fastest way to automatically speed up your database and optimize SQL queries, providing automatic SQL tuning and indexing for developers, DBAs, and DevOps engineers.
```

> EverSQL is 100% non-intrusive, and doesn't access any of your databases' sensitive data.

Reviewer: I'd recommend combining this with the paragraph above.

> ![snapshot][8]

Reviewer: Inline images are not supported in the Overview section of the readme - to display an image in the media carousel, add the images to the `media` object in the `manifest.json` file.

### Usage

The EverSQL integration has two options:

> - A manual method, where you copy your queries from Datadog dashboard and paste them to EverSQL’s [optimize a query][2] action.

Reviewer: What kinds of queries in particular would users be copying/pasting?

> - An automatic method, where you add the EverSQL Sensor to your [RDS][3] or your [on-prem database][4].

Reviewer: How does this second option integrate with Datadog?

### Supported Databases: 
MySQL, PostgreSQL, Aurora,Cloud SQL, Azure DB, Percona, MariaDB.

## Setup

### Configuration

> In order to use the manual workflow, just start at [EverSQL][2].

Reviewer: Are any specific steps needed to get your Datadog account set up in EverSQL (i.e. entering an API key)?

Author: At the current step, datadog users copy the data (sql queries) from datadog into EverSQL and can get them optimized directly, so no need for API keys at the moment.

Reviewer: I see - it might be helpful to lay out those specifics here, such as where one would find their queries within Datadog, or the types of queries they should be pasting into EverSQL
